So we created our project.
How does this now actually work.
How does an angular start.
Well let's start it.
First of all and for that I hope the terminal here which is built into my ID which has to code and there
it automatically navigated into this project folder.
So you should do this too.
You can also do this of course in the normal terminal on your operating system.
And then you should run Engy serve in the project folder.
Now this will spin up that development server which allows us to see our application and test it.
You can open your app under local host Colin 4200.
That's the default address and you should see something like that some starting screen which is generated
automatically.
Now this starting screen is rendered entirely Frue angular as you can confirm if you view the page source
there if you watch closely you don't see the content you see on the screen.
The reason for this is that all the content is rendered dynamically ofter the page was loaded through
javascript through all these channels put files which are imported at the bottom here.
So this is how the angler app loads.
The question just is how exactly is the flow.
Well it's this index HVM file that gets loaded in the end as you can see it's a very clean file.
And here you don't even CDs script imports.
That's because the seal I will inject these imports dynamically during the build process.
This is just a raw input file with which we can work.
This falls pretty empty but it has this strange app root element which clearly is not a default HVM
element and it isn't.
It is the element where our angular app will be rendered in stead later angular somehow needs to know
that it should render itself though.
And that is constructed in the main dot TS fall.
This is the starting file which is first executed when your angular app starts it's the absolutely first
follow the runs.
It's of course typescript and therefore it will be compiled to javascript by the build workflow we're
using.
But in the end this is the code that gets executed.
And here we import a couple of things from the angler package and then here we get this line of code
where we execute dysfunction and then bootstrap module and we pass this app module thing to the function.
This on the other hand seems to be something we import from the app folder and there from the App Store
module file.
And by the way for all these files the extension is missing.
So you could say Dot.
Yes but actually here you should omitted because it will be added automatically by the build workflow.
So whatever this command does or however it works behind the scenes what it does is it starts your angler's
app bootstrap just means started from it's 0 and so on it's own without any help.
This will instruct angular to start itself and it needs one argument forward it app module which is
like a root definition file that defines all the pieces our angler app is made up of.
So let's have a look at that farden because it seems to be the next important fall in the app folder.
It's this app module that TS fall and in there we also got some imports and then this typescript class
which actually has no class body.
But this thing above it.
Now this is called a decorator.
It's a typescript feature which kind of manipulates to clasp behind the scenes.
It adds some meditate or you could say.
And here we pass a javascript object to the decorator to configure it Engy module is a special decorator
which is imported from the angle or a package and it essentially just turns this normal typescript class
into a module into a class that has some additional meta data that can be interpreted that by angular
as a module module typically has these three definitions or configurations or declarations aere declares
all the components you're using in your project.
Now I mentioned that components would be important in an angular project and they are.
You build your entire English project with components but you need to tell angular which components
you are about to use.
That's added to declarations.
Imports imports over modules like the browser module provided by Engler avor modules.
Add further functionalities to your Marchal that could be bundled components so not components created
by you but Avro components that could all be directives.
For example browser module adds this energy for directive you saw which is used to loop through content
and output it providers is used to provide services something I'll come back later and bootstrap is
a special property needed in that root module because it will inform angler that app component is actually
the root component.
The main component of our application and since it is defined here angular will render the content of
the app component in the place of this app root tackier because it will automatically look for this
app root tackier because if we have a look at the app component which lifts the app component TS file
we see that as a Select are here.
OK that was really fast.
What is a selector.
Now let's have a look at components selectors and the templates of components in the next lecture.